1.	Very good
2.	New food screen is soo good. Those animations are in next level. Nice work by the local team.
3.	Cheap and best
4.	Easy to use
5.	Good
6.	App don't work properly to tabs.
7.	Good
8.	I like
9.	Easy to use
10.	Good
11.	Awesome
12.	Good
13.	ok
14.	Good
15.	Very nice thank you
16.	Good
17.	One of the most convenient mode of transport..
18.	No experience
19.	Used to work ok.New app version showed no vehicles available
20.	Good
21.	Best
22.	Best app for ride hailing 🤩
23.	The best in Sri Lanka, and it's made in Sri Lanka. 💐
24.	expensive.
25.	app is okay
26.	Excellent
27.	superb service
28.	PickMe Food Sucks! The drivers refused to deliver saying that the order is big. Disappointing response from the drivers.
29.	Good
30.	good for travel
31.	good
32.	best app
33.	good
34.	good
35.	Reliable, trustworthy, easy access, almost every day I go in pickme and never had a bad experience
36.	f... off
37.	good
38.	In any time we can take care and rides
39.	This is the most superb ordering and taxi service app I have used. I love this app. It is fast and great.
40.	thanks from kandy
41.	good service
42.	Always crashing
43.	Good
44.	Why does it ask for read contact information of each device?
45.	Great
46.	Red effect sri lanka.
47.	Please update your app
48.	Excellent
49.	Grate app. Superb.. Really helpful
50.	Very convenient.
51.	I'm not getting the pickme points anymore. can you'll fix it
52.	This app has big issues and after today I might stop using it all together. The most important thing to fix is for the user to cancel a trip when the driver already marked the user as inside the car. One driver racked up 17000lkr of fees as he didn't mark the trip as finished in his app. Had I been able to mark it as ended it would not have been such an issue. The original trip was for 200lkr
53.	Always shows no internet connection.. (if i have 4G connection or wifi) Fixed that issue..!!! Poor Developing.!!
54.	The drivers are always asking the pickup location when i tell them to come to the pickup location on the map they are always asking for directions by calling plese fix this
55.	I've been using pickme since it was launched. And with my overall experience I will never reccomend it to anyone especially women! They (Pickme) dont care about the driver, they just give anyone, the job. There are soo many pickme drivers who Drive recklessly (most of the young drivers) and they charge more money than it shows and when u tell that, they will shout at you. So please fix. The only! only! thing which I like about this app is that it is very user friendly.
56.	Excellent app. But sometimes promo code is not working. Plz fix this problem
57.	It asks us to update when we're trying to book and won't let us book a ride without updating. Please fix this
58.	Interface is really bad there r so many bugs n the programe technical issues r happening frequently so please fix this asap
59.	The app gets stuck all the time! And it affects the riders in their day to day activities. It also doesn't help in tracking the driver. Please fix these
60.	The charges are not fixed, it'll increase depending on the traffic & other circumstances.
61.	App is always hangsup. When I'm going to. Book a trip after selecting the location app is restarting. Again i tried to do the process. Result is same. Plz fix it.
62.	Hi Team, the latest application (6.315L) does not exit when you press the back button. I always need to go recent app and go back. That is painful. And there are lot of white space in your new landing screen whick looks aweful. Please check and fix them.
63.	Simply I am saying I love this app but "the map" is not clear,therefore can't identify locations and vehicales correctly...plz fix this soon.I give you a hint *Develop the pickme map like UBER.Thank you.
64.	My first attempt to fetch a taxi through this app was a faliure. Need improvement. Fix the bugs. Make this more user friendly.
65.	There is a message coming up asking me to turn on "Location"even though my location is ALWAYS turned on. I tired uninstalling and reinstalling the app, didn't work! this has been going on for more than a month now. i was hoping this may be a bug which could be fixed with a latest update. No luck so far.
66.	pick me taxi service is good but i don't know y my app always crashing and not responding. Automatically it stop. pls give me a solution to fix it
67.	Don't use this service. Their drivers are cheating people. They try to go trips from the longest root with the intention of earning more cheat money. I would like to give one advice to pickMe, please introduce fixed price instead of approximate price. Because your drivers are cheating your valuable customers. That definitely a black mark for the company reputation. Thank You
68.	I think there is a bug in the app. I received the promo code but when I entered it in the app, it displays 'You are not eligible for this promotion'. This is the second time I am getting this problem in this month. Please fix it soon.
69.	Nothing wrong with the app. But drivers have gone back to the habit of declining card payments, groaning if there's a promo code active and so on. Either change the way you pay your drivers or fix their attitudes
70.	i downloaded more than 3 times... when I book a three wheel it says "unfortunately pick Me has stoped" pls fix this
71.	can you fix the issue where the driver cant end the meter on time cuz it gets stuck.. everything else apart from that is perfect
72.	The app keeps crashing!! please fix it as soon as possible, and seriously this app need a way to add promo codes in the middle of a ride cause i always forget to add them before booking. And also too many bugs.
73.	Its still an estimation price that we get on screen, even though the app update says it to be a flat fee.. Is PickMe trying to fool people by just changing the way the price is shown onscreen, from a ranged amount to a specific fixed amount, and still call it an estimate...???
74.	after the latest update it says that sorry this service is not available in your region please fix this
75.	Latest Pickme app update is not compatible with Android 4.4.2 version Please fix it.
76.	This app used to work okay, but its faulty now. It cannot identify the shortest path and suggest to take longer way even with 0 traffic in both roads. Then charge for the suggested longer path, even if we choose the shorter quick road. Charged me 472 LKR for only 5.5 Km by tuk tuk. It should be around 220 LKR. I requested a refund and received it as Pickme points after few days. The same thing happened again, this time charged 383 LKR for 210 LKR trip. Raised a complaint again.
77.	Excellent.my suggestion is add new features like : multiple location select, custom route select, if add multiple location adding also custom waiting time select....fix zoom bug on map
78.	Needs improvements ! Finding Pickme food isn't coming ! its shows 0 restaurants nearby ! Please help me with it , but however is cool & safe to use ! It is great in Sri Lanka 🇱🇰 & a new development in travel 🚕 I'm rating Pickme™ 5⭐ ! I suggest this for everyone & thanks Pickme developers 👍
79.	A popular Sri Lanka app for domestic transport. We suggest to add motorcycle as well.
80.	Terrible. I needed a ride from a remote area to the airport at 2am, so I used PickMe's "Book Later" feature to schedule a pickup (10 hours in advance). I promptly received an SMS confirming my booking, and the details were also listed in the app under "My Trips."  2am came around and there was no car in sight. My booking magically disappeared from the app, with no cancellation notice, in spite of the confirmation they sent me earlier.  No one answered their customer support phone number or email address at the time and still now, a full day later.  I could've missed my flight but luckily I found a local taxi company that was still open and agreed to take me.  What a disastrously poor service. If you need a reliable transportation service that will be there when they say they will, I suggest you look elsewhere.
81.	Very useful app along with great service. One suggestion:  In upcoming trip make an option to edit trip. Otherwise need to cancel and book again for small time changes.
82.	The app works exceptionally well. I'm a big fan of minimal but clean-quality interfaces and PickMe offers just that! The actual service intended to provide has been nothing but a great experience as well.  A very minor inconvenience is however the small list of drop-off locations suggested for queries. Specifically typing a place may not show any results, and such scenario requires the user to manually pinpoint. Apart from the above mentioned, I give PickMe a solid two thumbs up!
83.	Hey overall your app is really awesome. But the most disappointed part is when you search a place in you map it really suck! Please do something or even atleaset merge with the Google Map search results. We only get few suggestions and most of them are useless. Not even the main landmarks are showing up in the search results.
84.	I have one suggestion for you all. Please add a feature where we can mark important places in the map. For an example house, school, work. Something like a star in the Google maps would do as well.
85.	Just a suggestion.. Please add a option to bookmark locations like home, workplace... Then its easy to set the destination.. :-)  And also I would like if you can provide the UI in sinhala as well...
86.	I'm using a Huawei Honor 3c. I installed the app, but it is having issues in fetching the pickup location. I tried in several locations. I did re-install as suggested from support hotline, still the issue is same. I tried by entering the address manually, but it doesn't accept it. Please fix asap.
87.	After recent updates app is lagging now. It seems app is getting bulky with too much features. Wish there is a lite version that just do the primary job.
88.	This app is good and easy to use but the location seen on the google maps os wrong.Also they should add some safety features to the app.
89.	PickMec has been a good tax hire app in Sri Lanka. Need few updates. Need some features like viewing driver profile before accepting, manual selection of available driver, Option to view driver individual ratings rather than single rating.
90.	Good but very late on food orders.. And i would like to say pickme app team. A big thanks and please try to add transport to longer distance for food from kandy to digana or Teldeniya or balagola. We at kandy - kundasale District people need pickme too please arrange us some food delivery... And app will hang at ordering food.. After conformation we can operate till that freezing.. Some order's are delivered after 40min its too long for a foodie like me
91.	Please add dark theme 😍
92.	Add the drivers phone number in trip details and improve the gps
93.	Please add the chat option just like in Grab.
94.	1st taxi app in srilanka if u give us a option to add stop and edit directions will be most help full and we need that option
95.	good job.pls add tuk also to the book later.👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
96.	Its a good app but the thing I hate about this app is that most of the time there are no vehicles to catch. During emergencies its so annoying. and I have never gone in a budget taxi cuz all the time it says drivers are busy. If you can add more drivers this app would be great. And also the price rates should be watched some are pretty unreliable. though am a loyal customer I get only a few offers. and also you all might have to add more bikes not only in Colombo area buy also in places dehiwala
97.	Good service. Very cheap. Add the colour of the vehicle which we hire.
98.	Please add the real map.. some times not working to this...😫😫😫😫😫
99.	great app. please add high way charges in the app
100. Add a option that you can send a taxi to someone.
